>> Zac Gordon: So what we'll do is,
there are a few more exercises.
Let's see what we could do to
get through 5.2 on your own.
All that's gonna do is
change some parameters.
So rather all your post,
you'll just be grabbing like there post,
pretty simple there.
And then see if you could get through
the exercise of trying to save the post
on your own, and see how that goes.
And then I'll come in and review it, and
then we could assess how we wanna
tackle the editing and deleting, okay?
So you'll need probably a good 10,
15, 20 minutes, and
see if you could get all the way
through the rest of them.
Give that a stab.
If not, just go one by one, and
try to at least get through saving posts.